{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15300\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Notes:\
\
* We need to be comfortable giving one another constructive criticism\
* Criticism does not mean they are bad / dumb / inadequate in some way\
* Our careers \'96 especially mine! \'96 are full of \'93failures\'94, but that\'92s how science (and life) works\
(you miss 100% of the shots you don\'92t take)\
\
* Talking about our science is very hard, and often times we use words that even *we ourselves* don\'92t have a firm grasp on (mechanism, information, cognition, etc.)\
* This exercise is about deconstructing what we know and what we think we now, taking it all down to its most basic parts\
* This kind of talking about our work helps us understand it better, explain it better, and can even lead us down new research paths and provide new insights (a lot of my own work has been based on trying to wrap my head around why we do and say certain things in neuroscience)\
\
The Assignment:\
\
Take a short piece of your scientific writing \'96 like an abstract submitted to a conference or from a publication of yours, or a paragraph or two from a class assignment, or a grant application \'96 and \'93up-goer five\'94 it!\
\
Inspired by an XKCD web comic and turned into a nice online tool by Theo Sanderson: \'93Can you explain a hard idea using only the ten hundred most used words?\'94\
\
https://splasho.com/upgoer5/\
\
Here\'92s an attempt of my own work:\
\
As a group, we like to study the world. We especially like to study people and their brains! Just like people talk to each other, the tiny cells in our brains also talk to each other. But instead of using words, our brain\'92s cells shock each other! This is amazing because we do not know how these shocks work or how those shocks let them talk. So we use computers to build pretend brain cells to try to figure out how those shocks are the words of the brain cells. If we can learn what the brain cells are saying, we can also learn how sometimes the brain cell\'92s wrong words can make people\'92s brains sick, and we hope we can some day help make the sick people better.\
\
}