{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14700\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Cold contacting your inspirations / heroes\
For this assignment, I want you to find a way to contact three people whose careers inspire you. Do you best to find their email addresses, send them a message on LinkedIn, or perhaps through a contact form on a website.\
All you have to do is ask them if they\'92d be willing to answer three questions of your choosing about their lives and/or career paths. For the assignment, update a PDF of the emails that you sent.\
Similar to my recommendation for your Letter of Recommendation email, use me and this class as an excuse to contact them. Below I include a template to build from. I also include two examples from my own life \'96 one from 2012 and one from 2024 \'96 that led to nice connections and conversations.\
The first was a message I sent to Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson in 2012 through a contact form on his website. This led to a 60-90 minute phone call with him that helped shaped my career. You\'92ll notice in this one I start with trying to establish my credentials, and then I make a concrete ask.\
Dr. Tyson:\
\
Hopefully this reaches you. I'm a post-doctoral neuroscience fellow at UCSF and an avid science outreach advocate. I've written many public science pieces, done dozens of public speaking engagements, and my active research and writing has appeared in the New York Times, Wired, Washington Post, etc.\
\
With those credentials out of the way, I'd to ask about your experiences as a "science celebrity".\
\
I've been approached by a production company to host a neuroscience TV show. This is an incredible opportunity, but I don't want to abandon my research, nor sacrifice scientific accuracy for sensational TV science, nor do I want this to take away from time with my new 7-month-old son.\
\
As a father, scientist, and science outreach personality, how have you found your experiences. Do you have any advice to give? Regrets? Cautionary tales?\
\
Given that I don't personally know anyone who has been in the situation I am currently facing, and given that I'm the only one in my family to even go to college, I have no one really to turn to for practical advice.\
\
Thank you in advance for your time, and keep up the great science.\
\
The second one from 2024 was just a note of kindness I wanted to send to let a great scientist know that they\'92re doing great science.\
\
We've not met, but I wanted to reach out and just say I really appreciate the work you've been doing. I teach a few classes here at UC San Diego on the intersection between ML, data science, and neuroscience, and I find myself referencing your work a lot.\
Since we so often only hear criticisms from other academics in the form of peer review and grant review, I thought it'd be nice to do the opposite and reach out to say that I think you're doing some of the most compelling and impactful research in this area.\
That's it. I have no ask or request, just general appreciation!\
\
Finally, here\'92s a rough template to use to start your contact. Please personalize it to each person you send it to. Add some kind words / praise about them, and let them know that you really do appreciate them. Be professional!\
Dear <title and name>:\
<Short, personalized introduction>\
I'm currently taking a Career Development seminar at UC San Diego, taught by Prof. Bradley Voytek. As part of an assignment for this course, I was asked to contact people whose lives and careers inspire me and ask them three questions about themselves.\
To be honest, you were the first person who came to mind. I know it\'92s a big request, but if you\'92d be willing to help, I\'92d love to know:\
1.	SOMETHING\
2.	SOMETHING\
3.	SOMETHING\
Thank you so much for your time!\
\
}